PR #2 for Currency Conversion Docu (#483)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/extensions/extension-library/curconv/currency-conversion.mdx

   <artifactId>currency-conversion-core</artifactId>
   <!-- Please use the latest version of the dependency -->
   <version>3.X.X</version>
</dependency>
```
The library works within the tenant context, therefore, depending on the landscape you operate in, add one of the following dependencies in your pom.xml file, in addition to that of the library's. Adding this additional dependency helps the library detect your tenants automatically. Without it, you would have to manually pass this information. Therefore, we recommend adding one or more of the following dependencies, based on your landscape.

If you want to run the library in the Cloud Foundry environment, use the following:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk.cloudplatform</groupId>
  <artifactId>tenant-scp-cf</artifactId>
  <!-- Please use the latest version of the dependency -->
  <version>3.X.X</version>
</dependency>
```

If you want to run the library in the Neo environment, use the following:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk.cloudplatform</groupId>
  <artifactId>tenant-scp-neo</artifactId>
  <!-- Please use the latest version of the dependency -->
  <version>3.X.X</version>

> </dependency>  

Reviewer: @artemkovalyov These dependencies are needed. Otherwise the tenant resolution of the SDK does not work.

> </dependency>  

Reviewer: We could add a hint that adding this dependency is redundant if it is already there. This is the case if the SDK archetypes are used. Otherwise adding them is the right approach

> </dependency>  

Author: We're hesitant to add a line that says, "Don't add these dependencies, if you already have them via Native SDK" because it seems too obvious. Let us know what you think.

```

If your IDE hasn't resolved the dependencies, run `mvn clean install` in the root directory of you project.

## Concepts

### Currency Conversion
Currency Conversion is a Java library that you can use to convert currency exchange rates. You can perform conversions either with one currency pair or perform multiple conversions through a single API call. You can use a data adapter to provide exchange rates, configuration settings, and so on.

### Data Adapter
The data adapter provides the library with access to relevant exchange rates and configurations. You use the data adapter to send currency exchange rates to the library.

At runtime, the conversion library interacts with the data adapter by calling the relevant methods to provide the information you request.

### Direct Conversions
Direct conversions happen between a source currency and a target currency, by using the exact rate from the source to the target currency. So, a conversion request with USD as the source currency and EUR as the target currency is performed only if an exchange rate from USD to EUR is available. Conversions will fail if, say, only the rate from EUR to USD is available.

> Unless you use...

Author: No, it just means go to the next section. :)

> Unless you use...

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I felt it's some literature gimmick :) Can we make this transition more obvious like I suggest above.

> Direct conversions happen between a source currency and a target currency, by using the exact rate from the source to the target currency. So, a conversion request with USD as the source currency and EUR as the target currency is performed only if an exchange rate from USD to EUR is available. Conversions will fail if, say, only the rate from EUR to USD is available.
> 
> Unless you use...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Direct conversions happen between a source currency and a target currency, by using the exact rate from the source to the target currency. So, a conversion request with USD as the source currency and EUR as the target currency is performed only if an exchange rate from USD to EUR is available. Conversions will fail if only a rate from EUR to USD is available. To make conversion possible in such a case you can use Inverse Rates conversion discussed in the next session. 
```

This is done by using an exponent value of the target currency. An exponent represents the relationship between a major and minor currency unit as a mathematical function. For example, 100 cents make one US Dollar (USD). We can represent this relationship by using a "base value" and an "exponent value". For all rounding off calculations, the base value is fixed as 10. Therefore, in this example, the exponent will be 2.

Additionally, converted amounts in the library response are rounded off to a "scale" equal to the exponent of the target currency. This means that if the source currency's exponent value is 2 (as is the case in our example), there will be two digits after the decimal in the rounded off amount.

Exponents for all currencies are published by ISO and this information is also available in the [Currency](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/util/Currency.html) class.

This rounding off logic is applied to all conversion amounts.

:::note
The library provides both the unrounded and rounded-off amounts in the result set. You can choose which one to opt for, based on your use case.

> :::

Author: The first part of your suggestion doesn't make a grammatically sound sentence. Will apply the second.

> :::

Reviewer 2: I didn't get what doesn't make a grammatically sound sentence. Anyway, not a big deal for me. It's a bit difficult to read but overall understandable.

List<ConversionParametersForNonFixedRate> paramList = new ArrayList<>();

paramList.add(parameter);

ConversionParametersForNonFixedRate parameter2 =
    ConversionParametersForNonFixedRate.builder()
      .fromAmount(new CurrencyAmount("485.324"))
      .fromCurrency(Currency.getInstance("JPY"))
      .toCurrency(Currency.getInstance("USD"))
      .exchangeRateType(new RateType("MID"))
      .build();

paramList.add(parameter2);

// ...and so on.

// Call the conversion library for bulk conversion.

BulkNonFixedRateConversionResult bulkConversionresult = null;

try {
  bulkConversionresult =
    currConverter.convertCurrenciesWithNonFixedRate(paramList, dataAdapter);
} catch (ConversionException ex){
    //Exception handling here;
}

// Process the results.

for(ConversionParametersForNonFixedRate param: paramList) {
    if(bulkConversionresult.get(param).isSuccess()) {
      convertedAmount =
        bulkConversionresult.get(param).get().getConvertedAmount().getDecimalValue();
    } else {
      // Handle specific failures.
      bulkConversionresult.get(param).getCause().getMessage();
    }
}

```

## Troubleshooting and FAQ

### Getting Support

> You can report a BCP incident or error through the SAP Support Portal Information published on SAP site. Use `XX-S4C-SDK-CC` as the component.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### External to SAP, i.e. customer, partner, etc.
Please, report a BCP incident if you need support through the SAP Support Portal. Use `XX-S4C-SDK-CC` as the component.

#### SAP internal
Reach out to us via internal communication channels or create an issue in our internal repository. You can also report a BCP incident if you still consider it's the best way for your support case.

```
